konami liters
welcome to the first delivery of our business the space of
and I do not know if the same
It was not specified that you are looking for another from an effort
this value
we will learn to be
little stars
with cooper
just as he taught us do it here
well first let's bid
they are more than you want
and calm
we are not going to vote anyone
they're just to cut costs
with a sheet of paper
Isaacson said purchase
tomasito by the pipes
the first point of his stage a long percent tour
I talked today
was that his reason for being
we have a run in power
long of the red
the first that we have to do
a kind of knot
on paper
we are already in June
this is going to give us a mild form
in pentagon
it has to be tight this
- tied
Well, I will not have it either
the transfers
p meadow
watch well
since we have going for more
this government do not serve we cut and very long plastic
and we noticed that
pocket of a pentagon teacher
so
said payment we will continue
to go
for example
we have the pentagon
yasem leftovers in different
what we have to do is so real the rest
Of the entity
for the whole figure
is going to be given as well as just
it's just going to guide you where you're going and plural the paper
your friends folding the glamor
until it's over
let's say I'm a little
until the entire portal is finished
others account
return
and we finished
this parasite
although there are
we promise below the doubles I make
a pentagon
forest
very carefully
the centers tapachula chis put the two infants
a narrow bridge
but this is not what he taught us to na not
who believed that this was not
ramos cáceres
the best
that was our first delivery
it is possible to do things
but good is that all